h1. arc_twitter

Easily share articles on "Twitter":https://twitter.com from "Textpattern CMS'":http://textpattern.com Write panel, or include timelines in your page templates. *Work in progess, currently in unusable whim-write state*.

h2. Requirements

* Textpattern CMS 4.6.0-dev
* PHP 5.3.0 with cURL

h2. Install

Todo. Will use Composer.

h2. Tags and attributes

h3. arc_twitter

bc. <txp:arc_twitter>
    ...contained statement...
</txp:arc_twitter>

The arc_twitter tag can be used to generate Twitter timelines.

h4. Attributes

h5. Global attributes

These global attributes are available for any type of timeline.

*timeline*
Returned timeline type. Accepted values are @embed@, @home@, @user@, @mentions@, @retweets@, @status@, @favorites@ and @search@.
Example: @timeline="user"@ Default: @"embed"@

*limit*
Maximum number of tweets to return. Accepts values from 1 to 200. Limit does not apply to timeline types that only display single status updates, or other specific number of tweets. The limit does not guarantee that the API will actual return that number of tweets, and in cases it can be less than the limit.
Example: @limit="25"@ Default: @"10"@

*label*
Label prepended to the list.
Example: @label="User timeline"@ Default: @""@

*labeltag*
HTML element to wrap label.
Example: @labeltag="h3"@ Default: @""@

*wraptag*
HTML element to wrap list block.
Example: @wraptag="ul"@ Default: @""@

*class*
HTML class to apply to the wraptag.
Example: @class="timeline"@ Default: @""@

*break*
HTML element or string to separate list items.
Example: @break="li"@ Default: @""@

h5. Embed status widget timeline

Uses "oEmbed":http://oembed.com/ to return a embed widget code for the specified status update. This is the defaulted timeline type you should be using to comply with Twitter's "Developer Display Requirements":https://dev.twitter.com/terms/display-requirements. If you wish to use the plugin to build your own advanced timelines, please take your time to read and finely implement these requirements.

bc. <txp:arc_twitter url="https://twitter.com/#!/twitter/status/99530515043983360" />

*id*
The ID of the tweet. Either @url@ or @id@ needs to be specified.
Example: @id="99530515043983360"@ Default: _undefined_

*url*
The full URL of the tweet. Either @url@ or @id@ needs to be specified.
Example: @url="https://twitter.com/#!/twitter/status/99530515043983360"@ Default: _undefined_

*maxwidth*
The maximum width in pixels that the embed should be rendered at. Between 250 and 550 pixels.
Example: @maxwidth="325"@ Default: _undefined_

*media*
Whether images should be expanded automatically.
Example: @media="0"@ Default @"1"@

*thread*
Whether the tweet should show the original message in the case that the specified tweet is a reply.
Example: @thread="0"@ Default: @"1"@

*script*
Whether the embedded Tweet HTML should include Twitter's @widgets.js@ to the page.
Example: @script="0"@ Default: @"1"@

*align*
Specifies alignment. Either @left@, @right@, @center@ or @none@ if specified. By default undefined, and no alignment styles are specified by the widget.
Example: @align="right"@ Default: _undefined_

*related*
Comma-separated list of related accounts. See "Web intents":https://dev.twitter.com/docs/intents for more information.
Example: @related="twitter,github"@ Default: _undefined_

*lang*
Language code. This will affect the widget's localization.
Example: @lang="fr"@ Default: _undefined_

h5. Home timeline

bc. <txp:arc_twitter timeline="home">
    ...contained statement...
</txp:arc_twitter>

Returns Twitter status updates posted by the authenticated user and the users they follow.

*replies*
Whether to include replies. It's recommend to keep this option on.
Example: @replies="0"@ Default: @"1"@

h5. User timeline

bc. <txp:arc_twitter timeline="user">
    ...contained statement...
</txp:arc_twitter>

User timeline returns specified user's Twitter status updates. Its identical to the timeline seen on user's profile page on the Twitter.com website.

*user*
Twitter username whose tweets will be displayed.
Example: @user="example"@ Default: _authenticated user_

*replies*
Whether to include replies. It's recommend to keep this option on.
Example: @replies="0"@ Default: @"1"@

*retweets*
Whether to include retweets. It's recommend to keep this option on.
Example: @retweets="0"@ Default: @"1"@

h5. Mentions timeline

bc. <txp:arc_twitter timeline="mentions">
    ...contained statement...
</txp:arc_twitter>

Mentions timeline returns any status updates containing the authenticated users's @screen_name. This timeline has no additional attributes.

h5. Retweets timeline

bc. <txp:arc_twitter timeline="retweets">
    ...contained statement...
</txp:arc_twitter>

Retweets timeline returns any retweets of a given status update.

*status*
The status update ID.
Example: @status="12345"@ Default: @""@

h5. Status

bc. <txp:arc_twitter timeline="status">
    ...contained statement...
</txp:arc_twitter>

Displays individual status update, specified by ID.

*status*
The status update ID.
Example: @status="12345"@ Default: @""@

*article*
Display a status update posted for a shared Textpattern article.
Example: @article="32"@ Default: @""@

h5. Favorites

Displays the specified user's favorite tweets.

bc. <txp:arc_twitter timeline="favorites">
    ...contained statement...
</txp:arc_twitter>

*user*
Twitter username whose tweets will be displayed.
Example: @user="example"@ Default: _authenticated user_

h5. Search

bc. <txp:arc_twitter timeline="search" q="@example">
    ...contained statement...
</txp:arc_twitter>

Finds relevant tweets. Search results might be unreliable: not all tweets will be indexed and results are everything, but live. Don't use this as your main source of tweets, but please see the other timeline options.

*q*
Search query.
Example: @q="#horses #ponies"@ Default: @""@

h4. Example

bc. <txp:arc_twitter break="article">
    <h1><txp:arc_twitter_value name="user->name" /></h1>
    <h2>@<txp:arc_twitter_value name="user->screen_name" /></h2>
    <p><txp:arc_twitter_value name="text" /></p>
    <p><txp:arc_twitter_value name="created_at" /></p>
</txp:arc_twitter>

h3. arc_twitter_share

bc. <txp:arc_twitter_retweet />

Renders Twitter Share button.

h4. Attributes

Todo.

h3. arc_twitter_follow

bc. <txp:arc_twitter_follow />

Renders Twitter Follow button.

h4. Attributes

Todo.

h2. Credits

* "Andy Carter":http://redhotchilliproject.com
* "Tommy Schmucker":https://github.com/trenc

h3. Thanks to

* "Tijs Verkoyen":https://github.com/tijsverkoyen for "TwitterOAuth":https://github.com/tijsverkoyen/TwitterOAuth wrapper
* "Michael Manfre":http://manfre.net/ for inspirational mem_twitter
* "Abraham Williams":http://twitter.com/abraham for the original Twitter API wrapper